docs: readme improvements (#1825)
java-operator-sdk/java-operator-sdk: README.md

# Build Kubernetes Operators in Java Without Hassle 

Java Operator SDK is a framework that makes it easy to implement Kubernetes Operators in Java. 

> It provides a controller runtime, support for testing operators, and related tooling. In addition to that implementing

Author: I think not here, at least my intention is to have here some one liners, that brings attention to these components. What are the use cases should be under those projects IMO

conversion hooks and dynamic admission controllers are supported as a separate project 

> (and much more,see related projects section).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
(and much more, see related projects section).
```

## Related Projects

* Quarkus Extension: https://github.com/quarkiverse/quarkus-operator-sdk
* Spring Boot Starter: https://github.com/java-operator-sdk/operator-framework-spring-boot-starter
* jenvtest: https://github.com/java-operator-sdk/jenvtest 

>   Support for integration testing again Kubernetes API Server

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
  Lightweight Kubernetes API Server, optimized for integration testing in Java
```

Author: It's not really a lightweight API Server, it's THE Kubernetes Api server running

Reviewer 2: Fair enough, but I don't think that the current description is very helpful. Why would I want to use this instead of running my tests against a real cluster for example? Your one-liner needs to capture that idea, somehow.

Author: changed.
